Baby, today is your first birthday
Happy Birthday
Sorry.
Mom can't be by your side
But
Mom has prepared a lot of gifts for you.
You see
Do you like it?
Mom wants you to be happy.
Healthy and happy every day
Daughter, you are two years old today.
Happy Birthday
Daughter, you are 3 years old today.
Happy birthday daughter
Mom wants to
Thanks for today
It's your 19th birthday
Happy Birthday
no.
When you see this video
Did you forgive him?
Look, these are women's shoes I made for you myself
Very very
Delicate hands
Watching you put it on
My daughter.
Is the best dancer
But
The doctor said to me
I am free from cancer
We have less than three months left.
Shin Shin's mother was not with you for the first 18 years of your life
Mom, I'm sorry.
I wish I could always be with you
Watching you succeed in your career every day
Watching the day you put on your wedding dress
Watching you have your own reserved day
until
Until I'm about to leave forever
I just realized
Everything I've done before
How wrong it is
IF
God can give you another chance
I must tell you
Mom won't send you away
Mom will accompany you every day you grow up
Because you are here
The happiest day
Thanks.
Promise mom
Live this life happily
Mom will be in the sky
Bless you.
Yingshan snow
Grass blooms
Pick a flower
Let's see you as a bride
such as
If one day
Heart lost fate
Pick a flower
wing
fly
think